It's the idea that when you come into a scope,
into a function or whatever,
you grab the resources you need and you initialize
a local object that then holds those resources,
represent the abstraction that those resources are used for,
and at at the end in the scope they get released automatically.
The operations that creates objects are called constructors,
they construct objects, obvious;
and I couldn't resist the pattern.
So the ones that reverses that operation,
that cleans up the mess,
if necessary, are called distractors.
So somewhere in the scope,
often towards the top,
you construct the object,
you initialize the object,
and at the end, you clean it up and it's called resource
acquisition is initialization shortened to RAII.
Well, I was very busy when I thought of that
and it's not a good name for it and I should not be in marketing.